train center and today I'm going to show
you how to do boxing and weight training
workouts and with me to demonstrate this
awesome workout is super trainer Brian
Francis
now there's three movements and if
you're not advanced do not do them
because these are for the people that
just aren't getting started these are
people who are the warriors in the gym
the first movement is what we call a
renegade row and we're going to start
with two light dumbbells
I wouldn't exceed anything more than 25
pounds and what you're gonna do is go
into a push-up position like Brian is it
right now bodies straight core tight
you're gonna go down into a push-up
position and as you come up it's gonna
do a row with one arm
repeat the push-up and then a row with
the opposite arm now this is gonna work
not just your back your chest your
shoulders your triceps your biceps but
also your core a lot and so you're going
to feel it through your midsection the
goal here is the format release 10 reps
or you could just time it for 30 seconds
then once you complete that you'll go
into the second movement and you're
going to use a kettlebell I recommend
using a lighter kettle melt so until you
get to this level but bland is going to
use a little heavier one so you're going
to go into a kettlebell position low
wire sort with stance and this is called
an alternate swing so he's throwing the
kettlebell up and then grabbing it which
is gonna train what's called
deceleration which really helps
strengthen the integrity of your joints
and strengthens your core the movement
which you probably can't tell it
probably looks like he's using his
shoulders but Brian is an athlete and
he's using his hips in his core so he's
generating the power with his hips and
then letting his arms fluidly
catch and decelerate the way now once
you do 20 reps on that you'll stop the
movement and you're gonna go back to
your dumbbells and now with boxing
you've got to have stamina and your
upper body especially your shoulders so
we're gonna do what's called a pivot
press so Brian's gonna take a shoulder
width stance and as you can see he's
gonna push up and rotate he's pushing
through his feet and driving with his
hips as he powers up towards the ceiling
now here we want to burn it out and
we're gonna at the end we're gonna go a
little faster so pick up the pace Brian
pick up the pace pick up the pace
nice and 30 seconds stop I am Billy back
to third and this has been how to do
boxing and weight training workouts